[DOCS] Remove all mentions of profilers in public docs (#8825)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/terms/metric.md

## Use cases

> Metrics are generated in accordance with the requirements of an Expectation when an Expectation is evaluated.  This includes Expectations that are evaluated as part of the [interactive process for creating Expectations](../guides/expectations/how_to_create_and_edit_expectations_with_instant_feedback_from_a_sample_batch_of_data.md) and the DataAssistant based process for creating Expectations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics are generated in accordance with the requirements of an Expectation when an Expectation is evaluated.  This includes Expectations that are evaluated as part of the [interactive process for creating Expectations](../guides/expectations/how_to_create_and_edit_expectations_with_instant_feedback_from_a_sample_batch_of_data.md) and when using a Data Assistant to create Expectations.
```
